Don't you want to take revenge?
This box is so big that it reaches the road!
There is something more to say about Hui Gan!
You have harmed Mr. Gao, and you will also harm our family’s new box!
Didn't you say you sell barbecue?
If we climb the mountain once, it will turn into a big roasted fish!
I didn’t know that this mother-in-law was someone I could afford!
You are burning fish!
It's all your fault!
Then we are my son because of you!
My son is dead! This is incredible! Mr. Yan, I was wrong
I really know I was wrong, Mr. Yan, but
My life is getting better and better.
Send someone like this
Butt wants to leave
What else do you mean?
less chance
Take the inner path of heartache here
finally once